# OPS 201: Foundations of Computer Operations

## Class 13:

[Importance of Virtualization in the Amazon EC2 Cloud](https://www.joe0.com/2017/06/11/importance-of-virtualization-in-the-amazon-ec2-cloud/)

Amazon EC2 is a infrastructure as service product.

Their services act as a virtual machine manager, and they also can create virtual on demand machines. 

One of the main benefits is that users can control servers and virtual systems through web interfaces. 

As simple as logging into AWS even on different computers to access Virtual systems.

[https://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/28/magazine/what-google-learned-from-its-quest-to-build-the-perfect-team.html](What Google Learned From Its Quest to Build the Perfect Team)

My previous observations, still relevant.

Interesting article that basically summaraized that groups come in 2 formats.

Team A: Where high performing individuals dominate the team direction and goals. They saw little improvement for team projects that were lead this way.

Team B: Where it is collection of various skills and opinions, and where everyone felt equally heard. They tended to peform the best.

It makes sense in a team project sort of way.

It you get a project that is meant to be a team project with various opinions and thoughts used to create something, and only one person dominates. It is basically that person project and they are the assistants. At that point the benefit of having it be a team solution has waned.

But in Team B, with equal voices, everyone has a chance to influence the outcome and direction. The benefits of a team will show.

Both can produce results. But in creative scenarios or groups that want to ensure they stay inclusive and diverse which will eventually affect profit as clients will want those aspects, it is important to keep an equal flow for the teams.